[Intro: Jay Sean]
Baby, are you down, down, down, down, down?
Down, down (Hey, hey)
Even if the sky is fallin' down
Down, down (Ooh-ooh-ooh)
[Verse 1: Jay Sean]
You oughta know (Know, know)
Tonight is the night to let it go
Put on a show (Show, show)
I wanna see how you lose control
[Pre-Chorus: Jay Sean]
So leave it behind 'cause we
Have a night to get away (Way, way)
So come on and fly with me
As we make our great escape (Escape, escape)
[Chorus: Jay Sean]
So baby, don't worry, you are my only
You won't be lonely even if the sky is fallin' down
You'll be my only, no need to worry
Baby, are you down, down, down, down, down?
(Down, down)
Baby, are you down, down, down, down, down?
(Down, down)
Even if the sky is fallin' down[Verse 2: Jay Sean]
Just let it be
Come on and bring your body next to me
I'll take you away, hey
Turn this place into our private getaway
[Pre-Chorus: Jay Sean]
So leave it behind 'cause we
Have a night to get away (Way, way)
So come on and fly with me
As we make our great escape
So why don't we run away?
[Chorus: Jay Sean,Jay Sean & Lil Wayne]
Baby, don't worry (Worry), you are my only (Oh-ooh)
You won't be lonely (No) even if the sky is fallin' down
You'll be my only (Yeah), no need to worry (No)
Baby, are you down, down, down, down, down?
(Down, down) Woo
Baby, are you down, down, down, down, down?
(Down, down) Mmh, you down?
Even if the sky is fallin' down
[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Like she 'posed to be, she gets down low for me
Down like her temperature 'cause to me, she's zero degrees
She cold, over-freeze, I got that girl from overseas
Now she my Miss America
,
now can I be her soldier, please?
I'm fightin' for this girl on the battlefield of love
Don't it look like baby Cupid sendin' arrows from above?
Don't you ever leave the side of me, indefinitely, not probably
And honestly,
I'm down like the economy
, yeah[Chorus: Jay Sean,Lil Wayne,Both]
Baby, don't worry, you are my only
You won't be lonely (Woah) even if the sky is fallin' down (Down, down, babe)
You'll be my only (No-ooh), no need to worry (No-ooh)
Baby, are you down, down, down, down, down? (And the sky is fallin' down)
(Down, down) Mmh, down (Down, down)
Baby, are you down, down, down, down, down? (Are you down, are you down, too?)
(Down, down) Ooh, no-ooh, and the sky is fallin' down
Even if the sky is
fallin' down
[Outro: Jay Sean,Lil Wayne]
Ooh, no-ooh (Hahaha)
And the sky is fallin' down (C3)